Add assertLinesMatch overloads taking a custom message (#1861)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.5.0-M2.adoc

* `AnnotationSupport.findRepeatableAnnotations()` now finds repeatable annotations used as
  meta-annotations on other repeatable annotations.

> * `Assertions.assertLinesMatch` now offers overloads that take a `String` or a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New overloaded variants of `Assertions.assertLinesMatch(...)` that accept a `String` or a
```

>   `Supplier<String>` presenting a custom failure message prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Supplier<String>` for a custom failure message.
```
